Sprint Challenge: Sprint 3
When you submit your link, make sure the permissions to your Google Doc are open so we can access your Sprint Challenge!

Objectives
Student demonstrates they can provide useful feedback to their peers.
Student can respond productively to critical feedback from their peers and articulate its contribution to their professional development.
On the job, you'll be responsible for giving feedback to your peers. Here are some things hiring managers have said about feedback:

"We're looking for candidates that are receptive to feedback during the interview process (like if they get stuck on a whiteboard question)." "We're looking for candidates that are excited to learn; willing and able to learn from other engineers." "During the interview, we try pushing back on something they did. They should be very open to feedback."
"As much as possible I'm looking for experiences, examples, and teamwork that can indicate they will be successful. Are they open to feedback, interested in learning, work together in teams?"
Prompt 1 - Giving Feedback
Questions you need to answer
What's an example of an issue you've had in working with another team member? How have you addressed it?
What are some benefits and challenges to working with the different personalities and work styles on your team? Please provide an example.
Prompt 2 - Receiving Feedback
Questions you need to answer
How do your teammates tend to describe you?
What's the most difficult piece of feedback you've ever received?
How have you incorporated that feedback into your personal development?
Prompt 3 - Professional Development GitHub Profile
In giving and receiving feedback, you learn how others see you. You also discover how you'd like to be seen. Take the feedback you've received and use it to help write about yourself -- incorporate that information into a GitHub Profile README. During your job search, you'll find that many applications ask you to link to your GitHub. Use GitHub as a tool to promote yourself by ensuring you have the following checked off:

Link your github profile as your submission for this prompt

Profile Photo and Name
Profile photo is a clear headshot, bitmoji, or avatar of myself, not the GitHub logo.
Name and username displayed is professional and contains a variation of my name.
Other relevant profiles like Portfolio or Twitter are linked in my bio.
Example:

Profile Example

Profile README
GitHub now features a profile README section that is customizable. This section will appear above your pinned projects, giving you the opportunity to do some branding and marketing about yourself. If you're new to this feature, check out the first 4 minutes of this
How to Create a GitHub Profile README (Links to an external site.)
. There are also templates (Links to an external site.) and ideas (Links to an external site.) to get you started on a personal README (Links to an external site.).

For the purpose of endorsement, include the following information in your README:

Introductory message that welcomes viewers to your page
2-3 quick bullets or sentences that describe yourself: this can include passions, interests, expertise, and what you currently do
Reference skills and expertise you have
Contact information to let others know how they can send you a message
Example:

Here's a short and sweet example you can find in the open-source templates:
README Profile example

Pinned Projects:
Pin 3-6 non-sprint projects to the top of the page, prioritizing your most impressive projects and open-source contributions. Include at least a one-sentence description of each project.
Example:

Pinned Projects Example

Evaluator Notes (Links to an external site.)
 

Prompt 4 - Professional Development
Power Statements (Links to an external site.)
This lesson we reinforced how to turn your responsibilities and tasks into power statements. To practice, write a few power statements you intend to use in your LinkedIn profile. Before writing those statements, ensure your LinkedIn has all the following content checked off.

Add a link to your Linkedin in your sprint challenge submission document.

Personal and Contact Information:
First and last name are added to profile
Created a shortened, unique (Links to an external site.) LinkedIn URL
Profile picture is clear, shows my face (not a selfie), and is in front of a professional background
Listed title, i.e. iOS Developer, below name with any keyword associations included. For example: “Data Scientist, with a passion for data visualizations and open-source code”
Title does not pull from my current position (this is a LinkedIn default, must manually change), unless that position is relevant to the tech industry
About Section
Wrote a minimum of 3 sentences to describe my technical skills, background, interests, and passions. (Also feel free to include key professional accomplishments.)
Experience Section
Listed all, or at least the last 3-5 years of previous professional roles
Included 2-4 power statements for each experience listed (okay to copy and paste from resume)
Power statements for each experience are bulleted (Links to an external site.), not in paragraph form.
Listed responsibilities in bullet point format (I did not leave in paragraph format). If you use Windows, hold down the ALT key and type 0149 on the keypad. Release the ALT key and the bullet point will appear. On a Mac, press Opt + 8 on the keyboard.
Started each bullet point with an action verb (Links to an external site.) and did not re-use phrases such as: Assisted with... Worked on... Helped with... (Solely responsible for...)
Described past projects in past tense and current projects in present tense
Did not use pronouns such as: I, we, they, you, me, us
Education
Listed all education and relevant certifications: including name of the institution, degree type, and date the degree was received or will be received i.e. May 2020 or Expected July 2025
I did link to Lambda School properly (Lambda logo saved)
Skills
Listed all technical skills, methodologies, and platforms with strongest skills pinned at the top of the list (Links to an external site.)
With all the above checked off, go to LinkedIn's "Accomplishments" section to add a project. Articulating the tasks or project work you're doing publicly on a platform like LinkedIn can help you gain visibility! LinkedIn is designed to produce better results, recommendations, and engagement for users who have thorough profiles and who upload content. If you haven't done so already, write a few power statements as well as a project description to populate those content fields and describe your project on LinkedIn.

This is also a good time to add your fellow labs teammates as connections so that you can add them as "creators" on the project.

https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/secure.notion-static.com/399b50ea-bb7b-4218-977b-844d86a0203d/Screen_Shot_2020-07-23_at_10.35.42_AM.png

Here's the checklist you'll want to complete for projects:

Projects (Under "Accomplishments")
Listed title for Labs projects
Included one sentence to describe what the project does
I did not use the phrase This project was... or This project is... in description
I did not use more than one sentence to describe the project
Listed the tech stack used for each project (see below for example)
Listed 2-3 power statement bullets highlighting my responsibilities on project
Did not use the words "capstone" "Lambda Labs" or "School" project
https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/secure.notion-static.com/18ad1d52-5679-4f4e-80bc-aa0341034f93/Untitled.png

